:
Thank you. Okay. Yep. This is going to be like a very semi-structured interview. So, like, if you wanted to, we could explore some other topics that aren't like on the questionnaire that like questions I've sent you before. So, I guess I'll get started. I'll tell you about like the purpose of this interview and the research that we're doing right now. So, this research interview is essentially for my CSE 318 course, which is a design course for how to better design And we're focusing specifically on preventing scams, especially like online scans and transactions. So, okay. So, do you have any questions regarding like the scope of the research? And nothing yet. Okay, okay. Good. Yeah, so I guess let's get started with the research questions. And you can always like, feel free to like deviate and like, Of course, if you find it relevant, you could always branch out other experiences and you could just answer. Sure. So yeah. So let's just get started with the background. Could you briefly describe the scam incident that you encountered, possibly without revealing any sensitive information? So it happened during last October. And then while I was like chilling at my place and then I received a phone call and the person on the other end like say my name and then he told me he is from the TD Bank and then he told me to verify some personal information which requires my TD debit card at the time. So I gave it to him and then suddenly I realized there's a transaction which involves a foreign currency and then I realized something went wrong. So I immediately cut the line and then I ran to the nearest bank to solve the issues. Oh, okay. Okay. I guess, sure. So Let me look for some of these. Oh, I guess, sure. So were you able to resolve the issue? After the incident, I went to the bank immediately. And then I wait for like half an hour. And then the staff there helped me to cancel the transaction. And then immediately, they processed me a new card. Like, immediately. So... the transaction got canceled and I got my money back within a week or so, yeah. Okay, okay. I guess that answers the question. And okay, so I guess what type of online platform were you using? It was via phone call and you mentioned that you- Yeah, by phone call, yeah, by phone call. Okay, okay. What methods does this camera use to contact you? So was it only using the mobile phone or do you have any previous contact with you, this camera? The caller didn't contact me before. So like what he did is to like call me and then to verify my information and then like told me that you have, I have to like log into the mobile app. And then like somehow like he told me to like reset the passcode and then tell him the passcode. So like immediately I realized that I have the passcode has been changed. I'm locked up from my account. I have no control to my account. and the money within it. So yeah, that's why I realized that something went wrong. I had to rush to the bank immediately afterwards. OK, OK. That's good. I guess so. OK, during the process, right? Okay, let's go to the trust and credibility part of this question. So what factors influenced your trust in this person that you were on the phone call with? Um, cause like most, cause like at the time I was like very new to Canada. So, um, I usually just like pick up the call and to see like, what's, what's the, like, what's the, what's the intentions. And then at first I, I heard that they say my name, so that, that immediately like triggers my like. curiosity like who is this? Like, who are you? Like, why are you calling? So yeah, and then I like walked into a trap somehow. Okay, so you're saying the, the fact that the person knew your name and said that he was from this institution that you have an accountant made you trust him essentially? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. And At any point during the transaction, did you maybe suspect that, oh, this guy, this person might not be legitimate? At the time, no. Because like, interesting fact is that while I was having a call and then my mom, that's like, also like she had the same space. And then she said, there's something that wrong. Maybe you shouldn't like, review your like, like those like personal sensitive information to that person. And then I reply that it's okay. I mean, like he's, he knows my name. He knows like what bank I'm using. Maybe he's like legit. And then that's like how it happened. Okay. So trust and credibility, that question is answered. I guess let's go to the emotional aspect. Okay. So, okay. I guess that goes with like trust and credibility, but then... The interest question is answered. I guess we'll go for question nine. How did the incident make you feel emotionally during the situation? Did it make you feel anxious or embarrassed or during the call? And let's think after the call as well. During the call? Did it make you feel secure or did it make you feel anxious during the call? During the call, I was confused and then immediate afterwards, it's following by anxious, ashamed and anger. Cause like it's like those like scam calls is like not common and you should know. And then at the time I was like very new to Canada. So that I didn't realize at the time it was a scam. And then afterwards I felt ashamed because like I'm like 20 something now. And then I still fall for just dumb trap like make like stupid like mistakes. And then I also feel like anger of myself because like I'm almost not mature enough to handle like this information at that time. Okay, okay. So during the call you mentioned you were confused and was that the only emotion? Was there anything else or just confused? During the call Yes, I was confused because I didn't know why he would like to ask my card number. And then he gave the response that it's for personal information fabrication purposes. So that I trusted him and then immediately I found out I locked out from my bank account on the mobile app. Okay. Yep, that answers that question. That is good. And. I guess, were there any specific difficulties? You mentioned confusion, yes, already. Were you wondering why this person's calling you and asking about this, but were there any specific difficulties during the call? Not really, because everything went so smooth, I would say, because I didn't hesitate as much. So I just gave that classified information to that person straight away without hesitation. And then... Yeah, without hesitation. Yeah. Without hesitation, no difficulties. You made it smooth. Okay. Did you notice any unusual or unexpected behavior while he was calling you? Like near at the end of the phone call, I received a text message that does like a transaction, which involves like 2000 USD dollars have been like transferred to another account, which I didn't authorize at the time. So like... So that's the moment I realized I walked into a scam. And then when I like, like try to ask the person on the audience, like what's going on, why there's like money, like transaction, which I didn't authorize. And then he said, it's okay, it's okay. We are like having like a fabrication process. Like everything is like normal. And then I just, I realized like, I realized that something is wrong and that I immediately, immediately cut the end of call. And then I rushed to the bank to talk to the... to the stuff there and we solve the problems. That's good. That does answer the question. And let me see. Can you walk me through the straps? Oh, could you walk me through the steps that the person was trying to like get you to perform? So you mentioned he asked you to go on your phone app, right? So what exact steps did he like? Did the person make you? Oh, so at first he asked about my debit card number. And after that, he told me that this process that first I gave him the card number and then I opened the mobile app and then I select a reset password or forget password. And then usually the bank will send you the six digit verification code. And then he told me to give him that verification code to him to complete the contact customer information verification processes. Yeah. And then I locked up my account. OK, so you got locked up your account after that. OK. OK, sure. I guess that answers that question as well. Specific difficulties or processes, methods. Okay. The trust, that's done. Emotional aspect. Okay, let's do finally the suggestions for improvement. In your opinion, what do you think could have been done? Maybe from the bank side or in the whole process to what that would have prevented you or that would have been like, that would have made you stop in your tracks and like... prevented you from getting scammed? Like anything that could have been done in any part of the, or your phone, the bank, anything. Yeah. Mm, like the bank, like after the couple, like weeks after the incident, the bank like released a statement and sent like to all of his customers through email that we realized that there's a recent like activities and like in scammed activities within like our customers. So that actually helps me to like, how to like handle the situation for future purposes. And then for me personally, I wouldn't like look at the email, like go through all the details, because like most people will think this is like a common sense, you shouldn't like give away sensitive information to a stranger that like didn't like identify like themselves or like. properly like fake their identity. But like regardless of like any, under no circumstances, you should like give away like sensitive personal information, especially banking information. And then perhaps that releasing a statement to all of his customer actually helps. Or like just like send a like a message through the system, through, because I, I also have an account in CIBC and they also sent out a message that we have to like, you have all customers, you have to be cautious, be aware of the situation and under no circumstance, we will not ask for your personal banking information, which like that actually helps rather than like, how should I paraphrase it? But like, because like most people, they wouldn't know like the actual number that they call until they found out themselves that online, there's actually a scam call or like not the official call from the bank, which like, yeah, that actually helps like by releasing a statement or a message from the official like bank on the website or the app. Okay. So you're saying raising awareness about scamming and then not to give out personal information is good. is what you're saying, raising awareness. Is that true? Yep. And then the platform or the website can release a statement or a message to its customers to encourage them or prevent them from having the similar incidents. Okay. That's great. I feel like that has answered all the questions that I prepared for this interview. I guess anything more specific you want to get into, since it is semi-structured. Not at the moment, no. But I hope that my answer can help you to complete your research. Okay, yeah, that's amazing. I think your answers are pretty good, especially the emotional one. And all the insights are pretty good. And yeah, I'm pretty sure they will help us eventually come up with a good solution. We are in the brainstorming phase. So I guess if you want, we could like come back to you. Once I finish this course, I could like tell you what we actually did. If you're interested, of course. Yeah, sure, why not? Sounds good. Yeah. Sounds good. Yeah. And I guess this is the target user research phase. So I guess if you have any other questions, would you be okay if we actually show, if I just texted you on Instagram, okay, do you? You can like text me like through Instagram. And then I will answer them. Yeah. Oh, sounds good. I guess if there isn't anything else, I guess that's on the meeting for now. Thank you so much, Alex. This has been very productive. Thank you so much. Yeah, good luck to your research. Yeah. Have a good day. See you, bye-bye.